peertube: 4.3.1 -> 5.0.0 (#205955)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

- The minimal ISO image now uses the `nixos/modules/profiles/minimal.nix` profile.

> - `services.peertube` now requires you to specify the file with the secret - `secrets.secretsFile`. Generate it with `openssl rand -hex 32`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `services.peertube` now requires you to specify the secret file `secrets.secretsFile`. It can be generated by running `openssl rand -hex 32`.
```
